VMWare | ZOOM Interview | 1.8 years experience [Reject]
I recieved a call from VM-Ware few days back and interview was scheduled
for next day.
Round_1:
Ques1.You are given a matrix of 0s and 1s you need to find the maximum number
of connected 1s.[Find the largest island in matrix].
Solution do simple DFS and keep track of maximum island encountered.

Ques2.Design Parking Lot Using Oops concepts.

Ques3.You are given a sorted linked list convert it into balanced BST.

Round_2:
Ques1. You are given a matrix of '*' and '-' * occurs before -
  You find need to find the rows with amximum no of *'s.
A lot of discussion on this ques interviewer was expecting the most optimal
solution. I gave two solutions using binary search and he was OK with it

What is difference between process and thread. What are the things shared by
thread.

How you can make program thread safe.

A lot of theoratical questions from OS
like what is paging,segmentation,threads,mutex,semaphore etc.
What is thrashing.

Explain diamond problem in Cpp.

Difference between Java and Cpp.

Interviewer was expecting me to know Cloud compting and virtualization etc.
I couldn't tell about them as i didn't had any experience in these fields.

Round_3.Round 3 was more like open discussion about various computer science concepts.
A coding Problem was also given.

Ques1.You are given a program in form of string you need to verify if it has balanced parenthesis.
If not you need to print the mismatched lines.
Addition: there could be " in the code you need to validate it as well.

I was able to handle all the test cases. I did using Stack.Interviewer was happy with my solution.

Ques2.Design attendance register. Use best possible data structure.
I told unordered_map could be used. unordered_map<string,vector<int> >.
He gave me hint if i know about trie data structure. I said yes. So he asked me about trie data structure.
What it is how it will work in this case.
I was able to explain.

Ques3.He asked me about maps.What is the difference between unordered_map and ordered map. As i had used
unordered_map in my previous solution. I explained about it that unordered_map uses hashing whereas map uses
self balancing BST.
Then he asked me about the complexity in both the cases.
How will you balance not code i just need to draw a case on white board.

Questions from OS: Paging,segementation,Fragmentation,Semaphore.
Give me a scenario where counting semaphore could be used.
Answer is read write problem.
OOPs concepts few questions from OOPs.
Explain Race condition.
Few questions from JAVA and C++.

Interviewer gave me a scenario like multiple user are running on same machine. They shouldn't know that
other user is also running on the same machine.
I think this question is related to virtualization. I had no clue about it.
So i told that what we can do is we can assign different kernel threads to different user's request.
Interviewer seems OK with it.
After few time interviewer called me on Zoom to inform me that they are looking for a candidate
who knows things like kubernetes, docker cloud compting etc.

In the end i would study a lot of OS. I mean they ask a lot from OS.
You should know about linux as well as cloud computing.
In Coding you should be like very very good.
